W-20865872 Adding Best Practices and re-structuring ToC (#87)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/security-best-practices.adoc

= Security Best Practices

> Securing your IDP implementation requires an intermediary API layer to enforce granular access control, along with governance practices for reviewer access. These measures help align with enterprise security standards for Non-Human Accounts (SFSS-053), Separation of Duties (SFSS-042), and Change Management (SFSS-009). Native IDP access is controlled at the Anypoint Platform Business Group level, which means any connected app within that organizational unit can invoke any document action or version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Securing your IDP implementation requires an intermediary API layer to enforce granular access control, along with governance practices for reviewer access. These measures help align with enterprise security standards for Non-Human Accounts (SFSS-053), Separation of Duties (SFSS-042), and Change Management (SFSS-009). Native IDP access is controlled at the Anypoint Platform Business Group level, which means any connected app within that organization can invoke any document action or version.
```

* Each client (consumer) must request its own unique client credentials for the SAPI in the Anypoint Exchange for both production and non-production environments.
* At runtime, the SAPI extracts the `client_id` from the Okta JWT bearer token and validates it against the ACL.
* The SAPI ensures that the specific client is authorized for the requested `actionId` AND `actionVersion`.
* If not authorized, the SAPI returns a `403 Forbidden` error.

=== Environment Separation (SIT to Production)

Because IDP uses a single design/runtime environment, the SAPI facilitates System Integration Testing (SIT):

* Map SIT-specific credentials to a test version of a document action in the ACL.
* Keep production credentials locked to a stable version.
* After testing is complete, issue new production credentials and disable the SIT credentials.

=== Cryptographic Nonce Generation

When the SAPI forwards a valid request to IDP, it also generates a cryptographic nonce (key), stores the nonce in an Anypoint Object Store, and adds a cross-reference to the document's execution ID. This is the foundation for securing the callback.

== Anypoint IDP Call-Back XAPI

> By design, the native callback URL from IDP to your solution cannot support client authentication (OAuth) or IP restrictions. The XAPI authenticates these callback requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By design, the native callback URL from IDP to your solution doesn't support client authentication (OAuth) or IP restrictions. The XAPI authenticates these callback requests.
```

=== Nonce Validation

When IDP finishes processing, it calls the XAPI. The nonce generated by the SAPI is included in this call as a query parameter. The XAPI validates this nonce against the execution ID in the Object Store.

=== Error Handling

[%header,cols="1,1"]
|===
|Scenario |Response

> |Nonce is not recognized

Reviewer: periods on these?
